# Ghost L0 (Level 0):
First when I entered to this site I have seen a starting point, which is Ghost L0.

In this Level they gave some data.

## SSH access:

**Host:** `204.168.229.209`
**Post:** `2222`
**User:** `ghost0`
**Password:** `ghost0`

By seeing this I thought I need to login to that `IP` and Enter `User name` and `Password` as given.

So I opened i the `IP` in the browser, but the website not opened. So I googled it like `How can I login to the IP address?` and I found that I need to use `SSH` to login to the IP address.

So the command to login to the given `IP` address is,

```bash
ssh ghost0@204.168.229.209 -p 2222
```

Then they asked for the password, I entered the password `ghost0`.

Now it opened. I logged in to the machine. After I entered to the machine I saw that, I am in the home directory of `ghost0`.
Then I tried to execute some linux commands like `ls`, `ls -a`, `pwd`. So I found some files notable ones are `README`, and a directory `workspace`. Now I wanted to see the contents in the `README` file. So I use `cat` command to see the content of the file.

```bash
cat README
```
The output of the command is,

```
ANALYST WORKSTATION — KAEL
Last active: 2026-03-28 02:47 UTC
Status: Abandoned

If you're reading this, you found my terminal.
I left in a hurry. Didn't have time to clean up.

Nothing in this shell is hidden. It's just here.
If you can't see it, you're not looking hard enough.

Don't leave traces.

— KAEL
```

So I found out there is no useful information in this file. So I moved to `workspace` directory and then use `ls -a` command to see all the file and directory in that directory. I seen on file a file `notes.txt ` and a directory `archive`. First I used used `cat` command in the file named `notes.txt` to see the contents of the file.

```bash
cat notes.txt
```
The output of the command is,

```
OPERATIONAL NOTES — KAEL
========================
Target: internal network segment 10.4.x.x
Method: passive recon, no active scanning
Status: ongoing

Credentials filed separately in archive/.
Do not store passwords in plaintext notes.
```

So here also no credentials or flag. So now I moved to archive directory and then use `ls -a` command to see all the file and directory in that directory.I seen just only one file named `credentials`. Now I used `cat` command to see the content of the file.

```bash
cat credentials
```

I got the `flag` to move to next round.

```
W3lc0m3T0Gh0st
```

[Next Ghost L1](L1.md)