# About

Hey guys my name is **Ajay E** from **India** and I am an engineering student and I am studing **B.E Electronics and Communication Engineering**. Even though I took the hardware course I always like to program and build the things.

I know **English** and **Tamil** languages. I can speak and write both of them. I also know little bit of **C programming** which was learnt at my **First Semester***, **C++** which was learnt from my **Class 11** and finally **Python** which was learnt form my **Class 12 and Semester 2**.

I built some small projects and written many simple logics. A list of projects which was build my me is given below,

- **CMS** : College Management System. Our college organized a hackathon of a week to build the website which manages the college students. The said to pick one topic and build for it. I took the **Multi Dashboard** which I build in a hour (by vibe coding) and later I started to include attadance system, librabry system, time table system, class assigning system, hall ticket system, semester system, and last feedback system. I build all of them but its not working at the time I build them. Later days I improved and made it working. When the projects submission date come I went to some other event outside of the college. So, I am unable to present my project. I completly build this project using **Gemini** but the idea is mine.

- **GFG**: Geeks For Geeks, they came to our college and organized a event to build the website for them ( a college club website). So I build the website with multi dashboard (for student and for staffs). The website contains a event tab for the staff to create a event then it generates the QR code, if they create a event for every students the notifications goes including the venue. When they want to enter the event they scan option when they scan the QR they are marked as present and can able to join the event. For every event they can earn the points. Based on that there will be a leaderboard. Also there is a tab where staff can share a coding problems, and user can solve it with any programming language with in-built IDE. I build this with **Gemini** but the complete idea is mine. I have reached top 10 and got **100 rupee GFG voucher**.

- **Spotsy**: There is a international hackathon conducted by the **CMRIT, Begaluru**. We are shortlisted for the hackathon. The main idea of our project is to build two applications **Spotsy Captain** and **Spotsy**. In urban areas there are more private parking areas are mostly empty because the owner goes to work. So they can rent their parking areas and user can rent those areas. We build the **Spotsy Captain** app for the parking lots owner. They can mark their parking areas and list it with price per hour. They also include some details like the parking area is for small car, big car or for a bike. And **Spotsy** app for the users, When they open the app there will be map which shows the parking areas listed in 100 meters of radius. So they can book the parking areas and park their vehicle in that parking lot. It's a 24 hours non-stop hackathon. Sleeping is not allowed. So we fully awake and build the app for complete 24 hours. We are performed well and the judges encouraged. But we are not selected as either winner or runner. It's the best experience I ever got.
